Here are the correct values.
For our first expression,
we're checking if x is less than or equal to 21.
We know that x is 20,
and 20 is less than 21, so this will be true.
For our next expression,
we're checking if two times two, is greater than eight.
Two times two is four which is less than eight so this is false.
Next we're checking if five is not equal to x.
Remember that the exclamation point just means Not.
We know that x is 20,
so this is checking if five is not equal to
20 and since five isn't equal to 20, this is true.
Then we check if 20 is equal to x.
In other words if 20 is equal to 20. And this is true.
And remember the equality comparison is always done with a double equal sign.
Next let's use our knowledge about decision making and
Boolean expressions to help us build program.